Alright, we are going to look at Unit Testing or testing Spring Framework in
this section of the course. When I was
originally planning out the course, what
I was going to do is, I was going to
create a really beefy section on just
testing. But as I start developing the
course, I kind of change my mind a little
bit and what I wanna do in this
section of the course is, give you a good
solid understanding and overview of how
we test Spring. And then going forward in
the course, what we'll do is we'll do a
methodology called test-driven
development. And through this, we will
generate tests as we go along in the
course. So what I wanna do in this
section is lay down a foundation about
testing Spring. And then as we progress
through the course, we will be bringing
in a lot of the advanced features. So
what we're gonna do is take a look at Unit
Testing. We're gonna be using JUnit
and then we'll get through some of the
fundamentals for testing Spring and at
the end, I'm gonna introduce you to
Continuous Integration build. So this is
all best practices. We'll do
test-driven development and we'll get a
Continuous Integration builds going. So
this will give you some very real-world
enterprise-class development experience.
It is what we wanna do because this is
really best practices to be doing
test-driven development and having
Continuous Integration builds. We can
utilize CircleCI for Continuous
Integration. So I think this is gonna
be a really good foundation for the rest
of the stuff we're gonna be covering
in the course.